#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements_dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   web3
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   coincurve
astroid==2.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pylint
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   vyper
async-lru==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
async-property==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
base58==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   multiaddr
    #   scalecodec
    #   substrate-interface
base58check==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
bech32==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
bip-utils==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
bitarray==2.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-account
bobs-lazy-logging==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   dank-mids
    #   ypricemagic
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   ypricemagic
cbor2==5.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   requests
    #   substrate-interface
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   coincurve
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
checksum-dict==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask
coincurve==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
crcmod==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
cryptography==38.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
cytoolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-utils
dank-mids==4.20.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
dataclassy==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eip712
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pylint
double-indent-rotki==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
    #   substrate-interface
ed25519-blake2b==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
eip712==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
eth-abi==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eip712
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   web3
eth-account==0.5.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
eth-brownie @ git+https://github.com/eth-brownie/brownie@upgrade_deps
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
eth-event==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   substrate-interface
eth-retry==0.1.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   dank-mids
    #   multicall
    #   ypricemagic
eth-rlp==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
eth-typing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   checksum-dict
    #   eip712
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-utils==1.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   checksum-dict
    #   eip712
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   rlp
    #   substrate-interface
    #   web3
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-commas
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-executable
    #   flake8-mutable
    #   flake8-tuple
    #   pep8-naming
flake8-bugbear==23.1.20
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-commas==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-comprehensions==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-debugger==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-executable==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-mutable==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flake8-tuple==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
flaky==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-freezer
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==22.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gevent-websocket
gevent-websocket==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
google-api-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.65.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
google-auth==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via google-api-core
gql==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gql
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gevent
hexbytes==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eip712
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
hypothesis==6.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   requests
    #   substrate-interface
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask
inflection==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   mythx-models
    #   pythx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipfshttpclient==0.8.0a2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   web3
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ypricemagic
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   mythx-models
    #   web3
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   astroid
    #   eth-brownie
lru-dict==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   web3
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   webargs
maxminddb==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
miniupnpc==2.0.2 ; sys_platform != "win32"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   scalecodec
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   ipfshttpclient
multicall==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   dank-mids
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.991
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   mypy
mythx-models==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pythx
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   multiaddr
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
    #   webargs
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-abi
pep8-naming==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
polyleven==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gql
    #   graphql-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
protobuf==3.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   web3
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   eth-brownie
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
py-bip39-bindings==0.1.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   substrate-interface
py-ed25519-zebra-bindings==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   substrate-interface
py-solc-ast==1.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
py-solc-x==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
py-sr25519-bindings==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
    #   substrate-interface
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
pycparser==2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
    #   eip712
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   substrate-interface
    #   vyper
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pygments-lexer-solidity
pygments-lexer-solidity==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pythx
pylint==2.15.10
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   bip-utils
    #   substrate-interface
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via httplib2
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-deadfixtures
    #   pytest-freezer
    #   pytest-socket
    #   pytest-vcr
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-deadfixtures @ git+https://github.com/rotki/pytest-deadfixtures@87d2be8
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-freezer==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-socket==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-vcr==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   freezegun
    #   mythx-models
    #   pythx
python-dotenv==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
pythx==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via google-api-core
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   vcrpy
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   google-api-core
    #   gql
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   py-solc-x
    #   pythx
    #   scalecodec
    #   substrate-interface
    #   vvm
    #   web3
rlp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-rlp
rotki-pysqlcipher3==2022.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.0.237
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
rx==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   graphql-core
scalecodec==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   substrate-interface
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
    #   py-solc-x
    #   vvm
    #   vyper
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   ecdsa
    #   flake8-tuple
    #   flask-cors
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   gql
    #   graphql-core
    #   jsonschema
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   vcrpy
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   hypothesis
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
substrate-interface==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   double-indent-rotki
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   pylint
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   cytoolz
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
types-chardet==5.0.4.1
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-cryptography==3.3.23.2
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-enum34==1.1.8
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-ipaddress==1.0.8
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-pkg-resources==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-requests==2.28.11.8
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-toml==0.10.8.1
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
types-urllib3==1.26.25.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   astroid
    #   eth-retry
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
unify==0.5
    # via -r requirements_lint.txt
untokenize==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   unify
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   requests
varint==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   multiaddr
vcrpy==4.2.1
    # via pytest-vcr
vvm==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
vyper==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   eth-brownie
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web3==5.31.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   dank-mids
    #   eth-brownie
    #   multicall
webargs==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   substrate-interface
websockets==9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   web3
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   vyper
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   astroid
    #   eth-brownie
    #   vcrpy
wsaccel==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   substrate-interface
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   vcrpy
ypricemagic @ git+https://github.com/WyseNynja/ypricemagic@master
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-event==4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_lint.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
